Update match-mockgcp-with-realgcp skill with Critical Rules (#10539)
GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector: .gemini/skills/match-mockgcp-with-realgcp/SKILL.md

When the golden tests for K8s Config Connector mock output diverge from real GCP output, we need to inspect the discrepancies and fix either the mock implementation or the normalizers. This ensures that `hack/compare-mock` runs cleanly and accurately represents GCP API contracts.

## Critical Rules

*   **Real GCP Baseline Required**: You must always generate the initial baseline `_http.log` by running `hack/record-gcp` against a real GCP project.

> *   **Do NOT Generate Golden Logs from Mock**: You are strictly forbidden from generating or updating `_http.log` files using `E2E_GCP_TARGET=mock` with `WRITE_GOLDEN_OUTPUT=1` unless a valid baseline `_http.log` from real GCP already exists. Recording from the mock bypasses GCP API validation and freezes potentially incorrect mock behaviors as the test standard.

Reviewer: wdyt about this? Justin was encouraging me to tell the bots what to do over what not to do.

```suggestion
*   **Do NOT Generate Golden Logs from Mock**: You are strictly forbidden from generating or updating `_http.log` files against the mock in this step. You MUST first establish a baseline against `real` GCP with `E2E_GCP_TARGET=real E2E_KUBE_TARGET=envtest` with `WRITE_GOLDEN_OUTPUT=1`.
```
